README.md, before:

Fukuoka Museum Virtual Gallery
=

Development Preparation
-----------------------

Following tutorials in:

* [Minimal Mistakes Quickstart Guide](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/quick-start-guide/)
* [Minimal Mistakes Theme - Overriding Theme Defaults](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/overriding-theme-defaults/)

Also, somewhat old references:

* [Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes)
* [Making Jekyll multilingual](https://www.sylvaindurand.org/making-jekyll-multilingual/)
* [Setting up a GitHub Pages site with Jekyll](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll)

Install Jekyll and Bundler
--------------
```
sudo gem install bundler jekyll
```

Run Local Server
----------------
```
bundle exec jekyll serve 2>/dev/null
```

References
==========

* [Babylon.js](https://www.babylonjs.com/)
* [Babylon Sandbox](https://sandbox.babylonjs.com/)
* [Babylon WebXR](https://doc.babylonjs.com/how_to/introduction_to_webxr)
* [Viewing AR Assets in Safari for iOS](https://webkit.org/blog/8421/viewing-augmented-reality-assets-in-safari-for-ios/)

Competition and Inspiration
---------------------------

* [Tokyo - National Museum of Nature and Science](https://www.kahaku.go.jp/VR/)

Commit message:

Added logos, links, and usage rights to the readme.

README.md, after:

Fukuoka Museum Virtual Gallery
=

Usage Rights from Hashimoto-san of Fukuoka City about the scanned 3D scan data:
・ Fukuoka City Museum and Steampunk Digital can use this scanned 3D data.
When used by Steampunk Digital, we have to display the 3D data with "福岡市博物館所蔵".
・ Do not provide to any third party.

Development Preparation
-----------------------

Following tutorials in:

* [Minimal Mistakes Quickstart Guide](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/quick-start-guide/)
* [Minimal Mistakes Theme - Overriding Theme Defaults](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/docs/overriding-theme-defaults/)

Also, somewhat old references:

* [Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes)
* [Making Jekyll multilingual](https://www.sylvaindurand.org/making-jekyll-multilingual/)
* [Setting up a GitHub Pages site with Jekyll](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll)

Install Jekyll and Bundler
--------------
```
sudo gem install bundler jekyll
```

Run Local Server
----------------
```
bundle exec jekyll serve 2>/dev/null
```

References
==========

* [Babylon.js](https://www.babylonjs.com/)
* [Babylon Sandbox](https://sandbox.babylonjs.com/)
* [Babylon WebXR](https://doc.babylonjs.com/how_to/introduction_to_webxr)
* [Viewing AR Assets in Safari for iOS](https://webkit.org/blog/8421/viewing-augmented-reality-assets-in-safari-for-ios/)

Competition and Inspiration
---------------------------

* [Tokyo - National Museum of Nature and Science](https://www.kahaku.go.jp/VR/)
